P Turkish want no loves riding
motorcycles but today he's trading in
his two wheels for three we're testing
out the revoke Oct 8 hundred s a bike
conversion trike vehicle wolf both
Vader's first impression the chrome
design would need a lot of cleaning he
normally races motorcycles but he's open
to trying something new and seeing what
the trike can really do show about them
time to hit the road and Germany truck
drivers have to wear a helmet since
there's no safety belt
the track takes some getting used to
particularly because it's wider in the
back than in the front that keeps it
from faking the curves like a normal
motorbike
but unlike motorcycles trikes don't
require a special license to drive
anyone licensed to get behind the wheel
of a car can take this 3 wheeler out for
a spin the trike does cost more than a
motorcycle though with a basic CT 800 s
listed at about 20,000 euros
unlike a normal trike the engine is
located under the gas tank not on the
rear axle this model is based on the
suzuki intruder motorcycle with this one
featuring an 800 cc engine the front of
the wheel has been kept mostly as is but
the back features an axle with two
wheels the frame has also been reworked
but there's nothing to suggest that the
trike wasn't designed from scratch
the model really shines when it's used
by two writers the backseat is higher
than the front that gives the second
writer better visibility than with a
motorcycle and better options for
holding on
all-in-all the trike is a successful
concept but can the revoke OCD 800s
really went over passionate motorcycle
fans like Peter Gershwin
yeah good anime says the trike is well
built and you don't get the feeling that
one of the back wheels is about to fall
off the Peter says it has little to do
with motorcycle riding aside from the
basics the seats the same you twist the
grip to apply throttle and your foot to
shift gears he says it's a bit like a
four-wheeler but that he wouldn't trade
his motorcycle for a try ultimately it
seems motorbike aficionados will stick
with their two wheels but the trike is a
worthy alternative for anyone who
normally spends most of their time on
the road on four wheels